The army orders to discard the whole bread There, and shouldارreelectronic the weapon, and use them as vessels.
They are Accounting for
The Great East Asia War is a battle for the future of each country.
It is a great war of the century.
However, the U.S. Dahae, in their pocket movement with effective
general strategies, was Hokkestive to leave its number beautiful of victory,
The Imperial Army has finally won the battle of Kachio, the former Emperor of Japan.
The battle is just about to begin.
Therefore, it is a great achievement to win the Great East Asia War and establish the Great East Asia Coordination.
It is a great achievement to live a life of full life.
Therefore, you are the leaders of this great achievement.
The Imperial Army has successfully established the Great East Asia Coordination.
People who think that they are proud and proud to be able to go on the world stage of the Great East Asia Coordination are still not able to see the example of history.